“I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more.” —Angelita Lim
“You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” —Dr. Seuss
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.” —Robert A. Heinlein
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." –Audrey Hepburn
“I need you like a heart needs a beat.” –Unknown
"I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I’ve ever had." —The Notebook
“If I had a flower for every time I thought of you... I could walk through my garden forever.” —Alfred Tennyson
"Take my hand, take my whole life too. For I can’t help falling in love with you." —Elvis Presley
“If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.” –A. A. Milne
"You’re the closest to heaven, that I’ll ever be." —Goo Goo Dolls
"You are the finest, loveliest, tenderest, and most beautiful person I have ever known and even that is an understatement." —F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I will never stop trying. Because when you find the one... you never give up." —Crazy, Stupid, Love
"It’s always better when we’re together." —Jack Johnson
“I love you for all that you are, all that you have been and all that you will be.” —Unknown
“I wasn’t expecting you. I didn’t think that we would end up together. The single most extraordinary thing I’ve ever done with my life is fall in love with you. I’ve never been seen so completely, loved so passionately and protected so fiercely.” —This Is Us
“To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.” —Unknown
"Two are better than one." —Ecclesiastes 4:9
“I’ve tried so many times to think of a new way to say it, and it’s still I love you.” —Zelda Fitzgerald
“When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.” —When Harry Met Sally
“I love you and that’s the beginning and end of everything.” —F. Scott Fitzgerald
"If I know what love is, it is because of you." —Hermann Hesse
“My soul and your soul are forever tangled.” —N.R. Hart
“I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you.” —Ben Folds
"I have found the one whom my soul loves." —Song of Solomon 3:4
"Sometimes all you need is a hug from the right person and all your stress will melt away." —Unknown
"In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine." —Maya Angelou
“If you remember me, then I don’t care if everyone else forgets.” —Haruki Murakami
"Love is when you sit beside someone doing nothing, yet you feel perfectly happy." —Unknown
“He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.” —Emily Bronte
“You are, and always have been, my dream.”―Nicholas Sparks
”I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night." —When Harry Met Sally
”Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." — Aristotle
“What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.” — Sinclair Lewis
“If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.” — Princess Diana
“Come near now, and kiss me.” – Genesis 27:26
”I need you like a heart needs a beat." — One Republic
“Our love is like the wind. I can’t see it, but I can feel it.” – A Walk to Remember
”Loving you never was an option. It was a necessity." — Truth Devour
“It’s always better when we’re together.” – Jack Johnson
“I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.” – J.K.K. Tolken
“My love for you has no depth, its boundaries are ever-expanding.” – Christina White
“When I see your face, there’s not a thing that I would change, ’cause you’re amazing – just the way you are.” – Bruno Mars
“Because of you, I can feel myself slowly, but surely, becoming the me I have always dreamed of being.” – Tyler Knott Gregson
”We loved with a love that was more than love." — Edgar Allen Poe
“True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.”  ―Nicholas Sparks
“I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more.” – Angelita Lim
“I am my beloved’s and my beloved is mine.” – Song of Solomon 6:3
“And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.” — Across the Universe
”It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight." ―Vladimir Nabokov
"In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love you want the other person.” — Margaret Anderson
“Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.” – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
“You’re always the first and the last thing on this heart of mine. No matter where I go, or what I do, I’m thinking of you.” – Dierks Bentley
”When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew." ―Arrigo Boito
“True love is putting someone else before yourself.” — Frozen
“If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.” – DeAnna Anderson
”All that you are is all that I’ll ever need." — Ed Sheeran
“I love being one half of a romantic couple.” — Julianna Margulies
“I love you. You… you complete me.” — Jerry Maguire
“The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.” – Marilyn Monroe
”You don't marry someone you can live with — you marry someone you cannot live without.” — Unknown
“Love is being stupid together.” – Paul Valery
“Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. ” ―Elinor Glyn
“To be your friend was all I ever wanted; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed.” – Valerie Lombardo
"When I look into your eyes, I know I have found the mirror of my soul." — Joey W. Hill
“A boy is holding a girl so very tight in his arms tonight.” — Edward VIII
“You know it’s true. Everything I do, I do it for you.” – Bryan Adams
“To me, you are perfect.” — Love Actually
"I think I'd miss you even if we never met." — The Wedding Date
"Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it’s the moments that take your breath away.” – Hitch
“You’re nothing short of my everything.” – Ralph Block
"Love is a friendship set to music." — Joseph Campbell
“I love you” begins by I, but it ends up by you. ―Charles de Leusse
“I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.” – The Fault in Our Stars
“Romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else.” ― Nicholas Sparks
“Your hand touching mine. This is how galaxies collide.” ―Sanober Khan
“For thousands of nights I dreamed of making love to you. No man on earth has ever hated sunrise as I do.” ―Again the Magic
“The very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.” ―Jane Auste
“You are the best thing that’s ever been mine.” — Taylor Swift 
”Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering." ―The History Of Love
“It’s easy to fall in love. The hard part is finding someone to catch you.” — Bertrand Russell
“A true love story never ends.” — Unknown
”You make me want to be a better man." — As Good As It Gets
“I don’t wanna close my eyes, I don’t wanna fall asleep, cuz I’d miss you babe and I don’t wanna miss a thing.” – Aerosmith
”Take love, multiply it by infinity and take it to the depths of forever, and you still have only a glimpse of how I feel for you." —Meet Joe Black
“Love is a force more formidable than any other.” — Barbara de Angelis
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” – Lao Tzu
“True love stories never have endings.” —Richard Bach
“I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.” — The Alchemist
”I never want to stop making memories with you." — Pierre Jeanty
“I’ve been in love with you since the very beginning. You asked why there isn't anyone else in my life, and the reason ... is you.” ― Julie James
“The water shines only by the sun. And it is you who are my sun.” – Charles de Leusse
“There is no remedy for love but to love more.” – Henry David Thoreau
“I promise to love you forever, every single day of forever.” – Twilight
“Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.” — Unknown
“You are the last thought in my mind before I drift off to sleep and the first thought when I wake up each morning.” – Unknown
“I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.” — Dorothy L. Sayers
“A soul mate is someone who understands you like no other, loves you like no other, will be there for you forever, no matter what.” — P.S. I Love You
“You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.” – Oscar Wilde
“I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow.” – Leo Christopher
”Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around." — Bob Marley
“Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries.” – Truman Capote
“Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.” – Sarah Bernhardt